it can be fairly competitive to get into graduate school. I mean, the
general state of affairs is that there are more people who want to get
into graduate school than there are positions in graduate school.
Now, that is not always the case, but that is usually the case. The
Mawr desirable the program or the mentor is the harder it's going to
be to get in, the more competition there is going to be, um, so, you
know, if you're feeling like maybe you don't have a really high G
p A. Maybe you don't have a lot of experience. Maybe you don't have
the greatest scores on the G r. E. Um, you know, one of the things
that you can do is you can look into less sought after programs. So,
you know, honestly programs that Aaron places where, you know, not
everybody wants to live. Sometimes they're a little bit easier to get
into than programs in like New York City or in Los Angeles, because
a lot of people want to be there. Um, so you know, that might help
you in terms of like the number of applications, but you can. Usually,
they usually keep those stats so you can assess that. Like how much
competition you're gonna have. Um, most programs do have data on
you know how many applications they get every year versus how Maney
positions they award every year. And so you can kind of get a feel
for how competitive a particular program is going to be.